you
hey do you need help with those Donuts
no I'm okay thanks I'm Frank honey by
the way chase chase McCain chase McCain
you're a legend remember even though
there's a crime in progress we still
have to drive responsibly
is anyone here a bank-robbing clown
Ellie there's no sign of a clown up here
don't worry i've just updated your
communicators scanning software use it
to have a look around from the
restaurants rooftop and it'll show up
anyone nearby and might be a robber
the mayor thinks you should be looking
for this man breakfast Yuri chase is
going undercover get out of the crate
shitty sure just give me a second hey
there thanks I get the feeling someone
might try and infiltrate the gang
tonight no
you